ITGuys
- Haimonet Belay
- Baldwin Browne
- Joaquin Bautista

Database Schema 
99% complete, Always possible for changes to be made as more things are implemted
1. The database maintains a list of events. 
2. All required fields are accounted for.
3. The database maintains a list of organizations.
4. All require fields are accounted for
9. Users access to the events has been considered in the design and is supported by
the database schema
10. Event approval is supported by the database
11. Supported by database
12. Users can be associatted with events and changes can be made to events
13. The database supports admins being able to edit approved events
15. Assocations of topic and type can be made in the database
16. Events have starting and ending dates
17. See above
18. See above
19. Geolocations are included with each event
24. Only admin can add to event type/topic
32. DB supports assocations between event and organizations
44. Data entry status can be determined by the database
49. DB can store partial events
55. Both URL and Image are supported by the DB

Server-Side/PHP Code
10% complete, much design has been done and we are hacking away at implementation
5.The three levels of users will be done via .htacces. Code for creating new users
has yet to be completed. Design of user and admin pages is complete however.
6. Web design is complete for anons querying the database but SQL and its 
corresponding PHP still need to be written.
7. Email verification has not yet been worked on.
8. The admin pages have been designed but not yet coded.
12. .htaccess (for getting current user) and retrieving their events has yet to be
written
15. SQL statements need to be written for using filters
16. SQL statements need to be written for date filters
17. See above
18. See above
19. Getting geolocation has been worked out building associations is still in the works
20. lat lng for locations can be retrieved via city name or zip code
21. Calculating distance is not yet in the design.
22. See above
23. Logic for retrieving events by type is being desinged
25. SQL needs to be written for positive match of event types/topic
28. Logic still needs to be written for event topic.
32. See above
33. SQL statements have yet to be written
39. SQL selection has yet to be written
48. Lat Lng can be determined but code for other requirements has not been written 

Client Side
40%
6. The displaying of events has been designed and is being coded.
11. Part of the design of user pages.
13. Admin page has been designed
14. Admin page has been designed
15. Filters for type and topic have been designed and coded into the display page
16. Date filters still need to be implemented
17. See above
18. See above 
19. A Google Map has been incorporated into the display page.
20. User specification of location is not yet in the design
21. Event distance is not yet in the design
22. See above
23. The filters for event type have been coded
24. HTML supports multiple types and topics from admin list
26. See above
27. Multiple selections are supported in the html
29. Organizors filter still needs to be desinged into the display
30. See above
31. Not yet part of design
32. See above
34. An agenda view has been created for our display
35. Individual event divs limit the amount of info shown.
36. A Google Map has been created and map markers can be made based on objects from the DB
37. Tool tips will display truncated event info
38. Part of desing but has yet to be implemted
39. Event page has been designed but not implemented
40. Admin page has been designed but not coded
42. See above
45. User page has been designed
47. User and admin pages have been designed
48. Event creation page has been designed
52. User and admin pages will allow for editing of events


What is on the chopping block?
Everything that doesn't not involve the displaying of the event via filters. 

It is essential to have our calendar and map display be able to show events that are 
queried from the database.

The creation of event objects is essential. Each object contaions all relevent information for
filtering and displaying an event. These objects have been designed and the PHP is being written
for their dynamic creation.

This is where our efforts will be focused during our hack-a-thons. The other things are expendable.