Informal Function Document for Cascadia Web App

Needed Pages:

Display
This is the most important page. Without this page functioning properly we will
get a zero.

This page consists of a Google Map with map markers for each event and a
calender that displays an agenda view. It is also imperitive that the page
be filterable by event type and topic.

The idea behind the workings of the page: The display page will recieve a JSON
objects from the server. Each JSON object represents an event. After the first
X number events are poulated we could possibly recieve more event objects via
AJAX.


Add Event
This is a page where the user can go to add an event. At this point the user
must be identified so the event can be associated with a user. This page will
contain fields for information about the event including: 
event Title, 
event Description, 
beginning datetime, 
end datetime,
event cost,
associated organizations,
address

See the ITGuys.sql for specifics on the database. The data should be collected
and formatted in such a way to allow for the creation of SQL insert statements
into the database.


Edit Event
This page will be very much like the add event page but information about the
event will preload into the forms. The user must have permision to edit an
event and may only edit their own events.


Event Processor
This page will take information submitted about an evnt, convert it into SQL
and then run the query. This page should return a Succeed or Fail to the user.


User "Homepage"
This page would show the user all of the events associated with the user and 
allow them to create new events
Admin Page
This page will show all events. This page should be filterable by published and
unpublished events. It should allow the admin to publish, edit, and delete
events.


Needed functions

SQL Insert Generator
This function should take information from the forms and generate sql statements
that can be create new events in the database.


Get GeoLoc
Takes the address of an event and creates a geoloction tag that can be used on
Google Map


Event Object Creator
Creates an object that represents a single event. Will probably be generated
from a response table mysqli object. The information in the object should
include data that will make events filterable.

Further more, multiple JSON objects can be written to an array on the server.
After the array of JSON objects is created it can be sent to the client via an
AJAX request.


Display Event Object
This will use information from event objects to create displays in the agenda
view and the calendar view.


Create New User
Add users credentials to the .htpassword and add to the user table of the database
